Expand cross compilation (#124)
membraneframework/bundlex: README.md

Similarly to CNodes Bundlex provides `Bundlex.Port` module for a little easier interacting with Ports.
Please refer to the module's documentation to see how to use it.

### Cross-compilation

> With proper setup Bundlex can support cross-compilation. When using Nerves the it should work out of the box. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
With proper setup, Bundlex can support cross-compilation. When using Nerves it should work out of the box. 
```

> Not relying in Nerves and using your own toolchain is also possible, although it wasn't tested. In this scenario the following environment variables need to be set, since they're not handled by Nerves:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Not relying on Nerves and using your own toolchain is also possible, although it wasn't tested. In this scenario, the following environment variables need to be set:
```

Similarly to CNodes Bundlex provides `Bundlex.Port` module for a little easier interacting with Ports.
Please refer to the module's documentation to see how to use it.

### Cross-compilation

With proper setup, Bundlex can support cross-compilation. When using Nerves it should work out of the box. 

Not relying on Nerves and using your own toolchain is also possible, although it wasn't tested. In this scenario, the following environment variables need to be set during compilation (when changing the target bundlex also needs to be recompiled):

> - `CROSSCOMPILE`

Reviewer 2: lack of description

Author: because it just needs to be set, it's value is not used anywhere

- `CC` - path to the C compiler for cross-compiling to the target
- `CFLAGS` - C compilation flags
- `CXX` - path to the C++ compiler for cross-compiling to the target 
- `CXXFLAGS` - C++ compilation flags
- `LDFLAGS` - Linker flags

If you wish for `Bundlex.get_target/0` to return accurate information about your target, set the following environment variables:
- `TARGET_ARCH` - The target CPU architecture (e.g., `arm`, `aarch64`, `mipsel`, `x86_64`, `riscv64`)
- `TARGET_VENDOR` - Vendor of your target platform
- `TARGET_OS` - The targes OS (e.g. `linux`)
- `TARGET_ABI` - The target ABI (e.g., `gnueabihf`, `musl`)

> When cross-compiling some warnings may be raised about not being able to load nifs, but that's expected, since they are most likely built for different architecture

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
When cross-compiling some warnings may be raised about not being able to load nifs, but that's expected, since they are most likely built for different architecture.
```
